In this assignment, we were analyzing the data to see if there was any correlation between the latitude of the city and various weather phenomena such as the temperature, humidity, cloudiness, and wind speed people experience in that city.

The temperature data came out as expected, with a spike in temperatures between the latitudes of 0 degrees and 25 degrees. This is reasonable, since the northern hemisphere is currently still in its summer season, so it makes sense that the temperature in cities in that region of the world are higher than in the rest of the world.

With the rest of the weather phenomena, however, there is no clear correlation between latitude and the phenomena, whether humidity, cloudiness, or wind speed. The humidity, cloudiness, and wind speed all appear to have no clear trend associated with latitude, and all three of these phenomena have outliers associated with them.

One noticeable observation we can make from the data is that nearly all cities in our dataset lie within the range of -60 degrees latitude and 80 degrees latittude. This is interesting because looking at our visualizations it may appear as if the earth doesn't have weather below latitudes of -60 degrees or above 80 degrees, but this is likely due to the fact that human civilization tends to become more sparse as we move closer and closer the geographic poles. The weather is by no means non-existent there, and on the contrary, probably more extreme than in the rest of the world. However, since cities don't exist in such areas, we don't' have data for those areas, thus why we see the data for weather phenomena clustered between -60 and 80 degrees latitude.